# adidas_data_analysis
Analyzed product data on Adidas, found data in Kaggle. 
## Project Description
This Python script analyzes an Adidas product dataset, which includes information on the name, category, price, and ratings of various Adidas products. The script first imports necessary libraries including pandas, numpy, seaborn, and matplotlib. It then reads the Adidas product dataset from a local file and performs some initial data cleaning and preprocessing by removing irrelevant columns and checking for null values. It then performs exploratory data analysis by answering several research questions such as what categories have the highest total count of reviews, what are the 5 most popular Adidas products, and what is the relationship between the selling price and average rating. Finally, the script generates several visualizations to display the results of the analysis using the matplotlib and seaborn libraries.

## Interpretting the Data
The script cleans and preprocesses the data, conducts exploratory data analysis, and answers some research questions to understand trends in the data. In exploratory data analysis, total number of reviews was displayed for each category, shoes had the highest total number of reviews. This data helps to create more targeted promotions towards shoe customers could be beneficial. Also, this data suggests the shoe products are more popular with customers. The code also identifies the 5 most popular Adidas products, which could help in marketing and sales strategies for these products. The product which is the overall most popular product, based on the number of times it appears in the dataset is the ZX 1K Boost Shoes. The project analyzes the average rating for each of the top 5 products, the products with the highest average rating is the Superstar shoes. Though the ZX 1K Boost shoes had a higher total number of reviews than the Superstar shoes which is interesting because one might assume the product with the highest rating would have the higher number of reviews. This insight is useful for making informed decisions as it can guide a marketing team to test certain offers to the customer that could increase the number of reviews or rating of a product. 
